The R square is 0.4 which indicates that the model explains well the variance in the dependent variable. The reason why the R squared value is low is due to the variance of Data and its size.
The adjusted R square is close to the R square value which shows that the model is not overfitting. 
The VIF indicates that there is no multicollinearity between the independent variables. 





1. What is one of the biggest factors that impact the hiring decision?
1.Education level| 2. Skill score | 3.Personality score | 4. Interview score | 5.Experience level
 use heatmap 
2. What does not matter to the hiring decision?
Age/ Distance from company/ Gender (p value> 0.05)
 use correlation table 
4. what is the ideal experience years to be hired? 
 correlation factor: 0.024780

 the hired employees have a mean of 9 years of experience with a minimum of 6 years according to the provided plot.
 




Focusing more on the crucial factors: 

Education Level: 

an increase in the education level increase the chance of being hired by 0.6. 

 What is the ideal education level to be hired? 
The ideal education level is 4 with 38% people hired of the entire pool have level 4
However, this can be due to the smaller pool of applicants that have education level 4 or 3. 

Education level has no interaction with other factors. All other interactions are unsignificant due to a low p value score.


Skill Level: 

An increase in the skill level leads to an increase in chances of being hired by 0.5

skill level has no interaction with other independent variables.

what is the ideal skill level to be hired? 
 
 A minimum skill score of 40 is required to be hired and the mean skill score of the hired applicants is 65

recommended skill score to be hired is 65. 


Personality Score: 

an increase in personality score by 1 increases the chances of being hired by 0.4
personality score has no interaction with the other independent variables (VIF lower than 0.5)


The minimum Personality Score of the people hired was 30 while the mean was above 60.
recommended Personality Score 65-70


Years of experience: 

An increase in years of experience increases the chances of being hired by 0.32

Experience years has no interaction with other independent variables. 

highest percentage is applicants with 9years of experience
lowest percentage is applicants with 1 year of experience
median experience years is 9 years of experience


0-5 years : 25.9%
5-10 years: 39.5%
10-15 years: 34.6 

Recommended years of experience 5-10 years






Looking for any multicollinearity? 

The VIF values indicates that there is no multicollinearity between the independent variables.